So what we can do is explore some of the spikes and the proof cases. These six skills now exist. Instead of going to the macro, we go to the micro.

Look at the systems that we were talking about. Improve individual parts. Something that will display, okay, say I want to use the six skills that are going to be arguing for it with the jug. I want to see what that arguing system looks like.

Let's give it the same model with each of those with different agents. Here's a problem: we can always run it against the same problem, giving it different skills, maybe two or three agents, and give us a variety of those skills, a mixed bag. See what kind of different answers they come up with, just to prove the example I gave.

At first, we just want to see if the pipes carry water. We don't even know if the water's poisoned or not.

Just to see how that works, and then we can display it for, "Okay, this is how this works. This is why this works." And then we could also this is the thing that makes me curious. I would say, "Look at the process and find the parts." Okay, what about these? How do these two interact? Or what's it called, how do these two make judgments on what to split up work into?

What are you curious about? And you have this one, we're pulling the one that he made and say, "Look, this is the official one. These are some of the ideas we have. Make some projects around this area." Mm-hmm. Okay. What he made, what is, what he made.

Oh, okay. Sorry. Cody made the big thing, the big architecture with all the dots, which is kind of what we're working with.

Well, we can run that against, so versus what's in here, or say what versus what he has, which is a synthesis. The value of what's in here is it has all the skills and it has a deeper reference to them that he necessarily won't have because that's macro.

This way we can start proving out some of the issues and find interesting ways to display them, so that when we talk about solving for them, we're going to talk about these things. How do we improve the parts? Because the parts should work on their own. And then having the interlocking part of this, I can see them going and making a big thing.

But this way we can explore and see how the thing works, and I said, parts we're curious about and kind of get knowledge on there. I see. Does that make sense? Yeah. What are your ideas?

For the whole process, we're still lacking anything about a critic, like the critic evaluation. We have age genomes that are having their own approach to find a solution to a problem, but, right there's no evaluation process yet at all, at least not, that is a micro process.

Yeah. That is a thing to explore. So where does your curiosity lie?

Okay, how does that work? Let's generate me a few instances and I want to see how the critic gets this one. How does this synthesize these things and how does the critic approach this? What's the difference between the two? What's it called?

Wherever the curiosity lies. Okay, have it run the experiments and display the results until you i could see that makes sense and I can display it with a React fix.

Okay, that's what that is. We start to see how the parts fit together, how the engine works in pieces.

And then we start to see how the carburetor works. We start to see how the fan belt works. All of a sudden these things are pieced together and it's like, "Okay."

And then things come out from it because at this point in time, yes, I could also just say, "Do the thing." But I think that's going to be done. I certainly think Cody's going to do it.

I think this is the difference that we can bring between the two of us exploring on pieces and looking at how this works and enriching through the stuff that, like, the skills you made, which is called, and which skills I made. How does that work? What's it called? How does that work on the intraspecies level versus the interspecies level? How do those skills affect the judgments between as they're carried forward or not, as they gain enough energy, as they're accepted?

What's it called? This stable stuff. Or how does it work in the fight to determine, whether or not this, between coming up with good ideas?

Mm-hmm. Those are some of the things I'm curious about, the things I see I want to know about.

So you're going to see different things. Sure. Okay. Yeah, it feels like Architecture big document, put into MHDoppelspike and use that as a kind of what MHDoppelspike is. Name of your GitHub repo, oh, what insane idiot named that thing? Yeah, that's exactly what I said. Bring it into here. Yeah, it's a separate folder; focus on the critic section. Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying.

That way we can come together and say, "Okay, this is what I saw. This is what I found out. This is the things I surfaced." And then we'll be able to talk specifically about how we think this works or some options. But it's an opportunity to look at it differently. Because right now we don't have that.

This is all right now. I think it's theoretical. It's not only theoretical, but it's ephemeral. So the best thing isn't to make the big thing; it's to make the big treatise and whatever.

The thing is, let's make a bunch of quick prototypes, because prototypes right now are super fucking cheap, and you can throw out a whole bunch of ideas. Much like this entire process, the whole thing is just a snake eating its own tail. It's just like, let the evolutionary dappage process win.

Which ones come best? Oh, I discovered this. I got this idea. This is how I came up with it. Anything I've come up with has come up this way. So why throw it away now?

Did you come up with something? Son of a bitch. Oh, that would be a cool thing if you could build a display maker. If you already got one or if you see something, build something, an ingestible thing like a UI interface. Something to take results.

Yeah, we could say some kind of ingestion points: "Hey, use this app. It's in-depth that's in there. And here's this file. Use it to make what's called the display for this one." Don't rewrite this, but give me the output so I can see it. Something like that would be also cool.

I think you do great stuff like that. So if that's interesting, I think that'd be awesome to have, okay, we're not always having to rewrite and make our own displays. If you have something cool that would figure out this one, you can all of a sudden be anything we come up with, we shoot it in the same place, and it kind of just standardizes it a little bit.

It's a thought, especially for early-on experiments. At the same time, it'll start giving us ideas of how we're going to demo this or how much we're going to visualize it in the process or demo it later. So it gets ahead of it by allowing that process to mutate without waiting to the end.

Yeah, it does help our own conversations. Like, look at something. Right. To point at the thing, not the text. Like, look at this one, this one, this one, this one, oh, yeah.

I had a one-shot genotype and appreciable. Back to those, this seems like meta-level stuff. Was this like around what you would expect? It seems like a meta-level description of what might be happening, so these aren't actually in sampling. Interesting.

Okay, start to begin. "Found constraints," yup. "Yes." "Transfer Hunter." "Parent failure." It's one of the scale of the matrix. It made a distinction between the Transfer Hunter as a whatever thing is. So it's good.

Oh, yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Transfer Hunter leads to a parent A output. Okay. Feasibility hook. "Train D" "produced by the text against ideas that sound" Yes, that's the predatory two predators.

Anyway, "Condense Condense." Yes, there's a judge that synthesizes this. I'll grab my question for this one. Critic press. Okay, this goes waiting for him next. Continuing Eric Fletcher.

I was talking earlier; he got this thought. Yeah, he showed him a sexual reference. The pepper and dropping over again. Critic press. Critic fluid for someone next season.

Okay. Childlessness. Good and blind spots. Not nearly from the i think this would the only thing it's supposed to do is like, spoonouts? This is what it sounds like to me at this point.

This either points to judgment or back to that is the but probably it was like a Genotype React. Yeah, yeah. I've never seen it before. I've never seen it before.

Oh yeah, that makes sense for me. I guess really why is this thing why are you going i guess it's something from here and now again. Where is this going? It's a clock. It's impossible.

I'll answer that. It goes back to the region of the region. Okay, I'm not sure that's quite right, but maybe, yeah, exactly. I was saying this might be just an offshoot cover. But I don't know that it falls back into this site because this is just the, fusion grid from I know is just the display of data.

Most of it's direction correct. It's almost off the grid pressure. We're rating it, looking at it. But it's grid pressure because we found it's grid pressure, so that makes sense.

The kind of thing that we automated, like LLM, for its tracking it all. And then like that team will move on to the center. That's another one, another experiment.

I'm just listing all the things I can think of, which is getting the Discord, the Slack channel, something that can getting this thing working, but then seeing if we can get something that sticks out, the answers, and getting the return mechanism working. The human in the loop one.

Remember the sprouts and the blossoms? Now we've got this run going on. It's a quick one, local. Do it five times, do it ten times. Great.

I showed you the change over time, how it was improving slightly over time. Right, right. So hooking it up to that part and saying, "Oh, it surfaces; I do these graphs during it and sent it out." This is what the form looks like. Here's the fruit. This is what it does.

Judgment. So you see the differences between them and get that mechanism kind of spike. You know what I'm saying? Somewhat. Okay. Somewhat. Okay. Somewhat.

There's like the crystal one-shots. Yeah. Turnover, white. It claims that I think it's going to be did I get that head on? I did. You did. Wow. I think it's better not to hear.It's running through it still. It's making it say when going down, maybe it's going to another generation. Right?

Every once in a while, there's the end result, that we want to spin out into a Slack channel. This is what we're doing with the result, as opposed to just waiting for it somewhere. It could be running longer, only 50% this time. So that people that aren't running right there can judge it.

There's a quick means of texting back. They're learning, changing. Oh yeah, that's the final one. The other one is in the process.

It's like, "I'm working, I'm working, but that's actually a cool idea. Here, look at this. We're going to be working." It's not the final judgment result, but it's like, "Here's the beginnings of an idea that's sounding pretty cool. Let me throw it out to the team."

This is kind of a mini jacket. There's sprouts and leaves, there's garbage ideas, and then there's a definite clean idea. So if it throws them out, we can start, that's one way to start. Ultimately, it would be a way of tuning the model.

But instead of identifying the two names of the problem, the problem is saying, "Oh, look at this, maybe change. You had some ideas, they were looking at the leads, those are some good ideas." Or the problem is, "This is not the problem." We can kind of get examples, and then that becomes selection pressure on this system alone. Because now we've given a human selection pressure that says, "No." We give it to my friend Jeff, who says, "No, that idea is, I see what you're saying, but it won't work because this and this and this. You don't realize that it'll be falling down."

That's like the evolving process within its own system. How do we take examples of stuff when it's still just like photos? Well, that's part of the thing. It's when you're coming up with something that can play and maybe a label or something that's kind of like, "Okay, this is what I learned and this is what we got from it."

A lot of us just said, "Hey, what did I learn?" What you're doing is putting it on display. So it's a big one in the document, and then if you talk to somebody, please, these things. Or, listen, you have it in the blog, or something you can click and see.

A lot of this stuff is just kind of together. Anyway, put it in a way you don't lift it. And what's it called? A bird stick it into there. It's like Mark Down.

Would you want to know who it is? What? Who wants it? I'm going to choose this one. Nerdy, I'm going to choose this one. Nerdy, I'm going to choose this one. I'm going to choose this one. I'm going to choose this one.

So we have three offers. Two, well I think it's a take for offer. Oh. Taking us, putting us through the loop, taking us to dinner, us doing it, putting on treads to fire us. This is a big waste of time.

I think there's a lot of energy. Oh yes, I'm not wrong. One of those processes is having multiple and fairly, that's a lot. And then I used to see how an indexing and a huge source on the data.

I go, "I don't know." I know when to write it, put an index on a column in the database. I know how to write the SQL migration that happened. And I know the outcome. But do I know how to? What's the underlying mechanism?

It's 10 minutes, I'll tell you. If I need to know that, I can go find it.

And so he's like this old school guy that probably works on indexing. And then he goes, "Okay, next question. If you have an indexing person, which one actually gets indexed?"

I said, "I don't know, but if I'm faced with this issue, you'll find out right." And he goes, "And then from there on out he was like " He goes, "Since you don't know back end, I said it straight. But I'm not getting a child, and you won't forget my name." I'm sorry. I know. That's not the question I need to answer. Is that the problem you need to solve? Is it taking care of the index database system?

My brain wants to see the solution. This is going to be a great experience.

Can we use, we speak, we should be able to say, "Oh wait, we didn't do it, but we did a lot of this." I literally watched a new animal. Cheers.

Unless it's the opposite. Unless "lock" means "unlock", "unlock", "unlock", "unlock." All right, I have a stop. Okay, okay. We'll go see.

Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Oh, that's the ALS. Oh wait, hold the hands. This is also to the right. Like this. But one goes to two goes to eight. That one should be kind of start to wrap in volumes and then pull that over in one of those.

Oh my god, you're both in this. Hey, oh okay. Something has to do this. If you just point it into the side of the side, the sign comes up, and then write it in the box. So get it off the same line.

Thank you. All right, so those are the fucking main answers. Okay, main question. Perfect. Perfect. That's a question.